README.md, before:

# Concentration

The classic memory game of "Concentration". This solitary game is played by clicking cards that are face down, and trying to find its matching pair; if you successfully match a card, they will stay face up.

Once you match ALL cards and the board is face up, you win the round. If the timer expires before you finish **any** round, you will be sent back to round 1.

## Motivation

This project was done as an open ended assignment of the General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive program. It served as a final recap and emphasis on: _HTML_, _CSS_, and vanilla _JavaScript_ for game logic and DOM Manipulation.

Personally, I wanted to focus on CSS and using Flexbox to lay out the game board and controls. I accomplished this by making _everything_ on the page use flex in some capacity; I also enabled different themes using CSS variables and JavaScript.

## Screenshots

## User Stories & Wireframes

## Technologies & Code Snippets

## Credits

## Future Development

- refactor to further adhere to object oriented programming principles; ideally I'd like to replace all methods with `concentration.` that exist outside the concentration object, with `this.` and move it within the concentration object. The way it's written, this game only works because there is only ONE concentration object
- allow user to customize game details, such as:
  - game timer
  - click timer
  - amount of cards on the board
- allow user to customize/choose theme

Commit message:

readme updates and attempts at favicon

README.md, after:

# Concentration

The classic memory game of "Concentration". This solitary game is played by clicking cards that are face down, and trying to find its matching pair; if you successfully match a card, they will stay face up.

Once you match ALL cards and the board is face up, you win the round. If the timer expires before you finish **any** round, you will be sent back to round 1.

## Motivation

This project was done as an open ended assignment of the General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive program. It served as a final recap and emphasis on: _HTML_, _CSS_, and vanilla _JavaScript_ for game logic and DOM Manipulation.

Personally, I wanted to focus on CSS and using Flexbox to lay out the game board and controls. I accomplished this by making _everything_ on the page use flex in some capacity; I also enabled different themes using CSS variables and JavaScript.

## Screenshots

## User Stories & Wireframes

Lost my screenshots :(

## Technologies & Code Snippets

## Credits

All images are from Wikipedia or provided by GA through the program. I had a breakthrough in my understanding of client side JS, thanks to [this StackOverflow post and answer](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22125865/wait-until-flag-true)

## Future Development

-   refactor to further adhere to object oriented programming principles; ideally I'd like to replace all methods with `concentration.` that exist outside the concentration object, with `this.` and move it within the concentration object. The way it's written, this game only works because there is only ONE concentration object
-   allow user to customize game details, such as:
    -   game timer
    -   click timer
    -   amount of cards on the board
-   allow user to customize/choose theme
-   favicon
